Clear up the README for the new user (#397)
Nixtla/mlforecast: README.md

| 3   | id_00     | 2000-01-04 | 232.704110 | 72       |
| 4   | id_00     | 2000-01-05 | 317.510474 | 72       |

> > Note: The unique_id serves as an identifier for each distinct time series in your dataset. If you are using only single time series from your dataset, just create a single id number for this column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The unique_id serves as an identifier for each distinct time series in your dataset. If you are using only single time series from your dataset, set this column to a constant value.
```
